i want to make them pay right now?
i want to get back at them for what they did?
i want to make them pay.
i want to hurt someone!
i want to get back at them right now!
i want to get back at them and i hate that i feel this way.
i want to hurt someone.
i want to get back at them?
i feel like i could snap at someone.
i want to hurt someone right now?
i feel like lashing out at someone right now!
i feel like i could snap at someone?
i feel like lashing out at someone for what they did?
i want to get back at them for what they did.
i want to hurt someone for what they did?
i feel like lashing out at someone right now?
i want to hurt someone for what they did.
i want to get back at them and i hate that i feel this way!
i feel like i could snap at someone for what they did.
i feel like lashing out at someone.
i feel like lashing out at someone and i hate that i feel this way!
i want to make them pay and i hate that i feel this way.
i feel like lashing out at someone?
i feel like lashing out at someone right now.
i want to hurt someone right now.
i feel like i could snap at someone right now!
i feel like i could snap at someone right now?
i feel like i could snap at someone and i hate that i feel this way.
i feel like lashing out at someone for what they did.
i want to get back at them right now?
i feel like lashing out at someone and i hate that i feel this way.
i want to make them pay and i hate that i feel this way!
i want to hurt someone and i hate that i feel this way.
i want to hurt someone for what they did!
i want to get back at them.
i want to make them pay right now.
i want to hurt someone and i hate that i feel this way?
i feel like i could snap at someone and i hate that i feel this way?
i want to make them pay for what they did?
i want to hurt someone right now!
i feel like i could snap at someone right now.
i feel like i could snap at someone for what they did!
i want to make them pay for what they did.
i want to make them pay and i hate that i feel this way?
i want to make them pay!
i feel like i could snap at someone and i hate that i feel this way!
i feel like lashing out at someone!
i want to hurt someone?
i want to get back at them right now.
i feel like i could snap at someone!
i want to hurt someone and i hate that i feel this way!
i want to get back at them for what they did!
i want to make them pay right now!
i feel like lashing out at someone for what they did!
i feel like i could snap at someone for what they did?
i feel like lashing out at someone and i hate that i feel this way?
i want to make them pay for what they did!
i want to get back at them and i hate that i feel this way?
i want to make them pay?
i want to get back at them!
