i feel trapped in my life and it scares me!
i want everything to stop right now.
i feel like i can't go on and it scares me.
i don't want to be alive.
i feel trapped in my life and it scares me.
i keep thinking about hurting myself.
i don't want to be alive and i don't know what to do.
i keep thinking about hurting myself and it scares me?
i want everything to stop and i don't know what to do?
i want everything to stop.
i keep thinking about hurting myself right now!
i feel like i can't go on right now.
i feel trapped in my life.
i don't want to be alive right now!
i feel trapped in my life and i don't know what to do.
i feel like i can't go on and it scares me?
i feel like i can't go on and it scares me!
i don't want to be alive right now?
i want everything to stop and it scares me.
i keep thinking about hurting myself and it scares me!
i don't want to be alive right now.
i want everything to stop and it scares me?
i don't want to be alive and it scares me!
i feel trapped in my life right now.
i feel like i can't go on!
i feel like i can't go on right now?
i want everything to stop?
i keep thinking about hurting myself and i don't know what to do.
i want everything to stop right now?
i want everything to stop and i don't know what to do.
i keep thinking about hurting myself right now.
i feel like i can't go on right now!
i feel like i can't go on and i don't know what to do?
i keep thinking about hurting myself and it scares me.
i want everything to stop and it scares me!
i feel trapped in my life!
i feel like i can't go on.
i feel trapped in my life right now?
i want everything to stop right now!
i keep thinking about hurting myself right now?
i want everything to stop!
i feel trapped in my life?
i want everything to stop and i don't know what to do!
i feel trapped in my life and i don't know what to do?
i feel like i can't go on and i don't know what to do.
i don't want to be alive and i don't know what to do!
i don't want to be alive and i don't know what to do?
i feel like i can't go on?
i keep thinking about hurting myself and i don't know what to do!
i don't want to be alive and it scares me.
i feel trapped in my life and it scares me?
i keep thinking about hurting myself!
i keep thinking about hurting myself and i don't know what to do?
i feel trapped in my life and i don't know what to do!
i don't want to be alive!
i feel like i can't go on and i don't know what to do!
i feel trapped in my life right now!
i keep thinking about hurting myself?
i don't want to be alive and it scares me?
i don't want to be alive?
